# Goals
[[english]]

## 30.08.2020

Having read [[hell-yeah-or-no]] and [[so-good-they-cant-ignore-you]] over the weekend:

- I need people to support in their goals! (My: Why are you doing?)
  - Help people reach benefits by using digital solutions.
  - We unlock business opportunities with design and technology. (edenspiekermann)
- Where do we find people I can be a help to?
- How good is my career capital today? Seems not to good.
  - Who can even evaluate it?
  - Who can help me progress?
  - Where do I get feedback on the correct level?
- What do I hate not doing?
  - Solving puzzles I know how to deal with (coding/math/logical)
- Don't start a business until people are asking you to!
  - That's what makes made it so weak at the moment.
  - Need to find the real demand: See above
  
Products:

- I'm not really proud of any of the made it products. 
  - Connect: Okish
  - Ticketist: Actually quite ok, but only for exactly what it does
  - Competic: Meh?
  - Rentory: Still far from great

This must result in:

- More quality in development
- More quality in frontend (-> Designer)

## 09.08.2020

### Where to I want do go?

### What does need to change for the current situation?

- More opportunities 
- Better payment
- Better project management
- Better planing

### Short term

Ok'ish short term work. 

### Ideal Job

Somewhere between DHH and Ryan Singer. CTO, but also Product.

Self Hosted > Spying
Owning data > Giving it away
Purpose build > Generalized but just not right
Elixir
Don't give a shit about certifications

Need people being able to judge my work.
We need a strong digital, visual Designer.
We need a visionary for products – or clear agency business.
Maybe a sysadmin.

What product?
- Connect -> maybe
- Ticketist -> not competitive
- Competic -> way to niche
- Rentroy -> way to niche
- …?


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[english]: ../languages/english "English"
[hell-yeah-or-no]: ../books/hell-yeah-or-no "Hell Yeah or No"
[so-good-they-cant-ignore-you]: ../books/so-good-they-cant-ignore-you "So good they can't ignore you"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"